#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.11
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile requirements.in
#
absl-py==2.1.0
    # via
    #   keras
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow
annotated-types==0.7.0
    # via pydantic
anyio==4.6.0
    # via
    #   httpx
    #   jupyter-server
    #   starlette
    #   watchfiles
argon2-cffi==23.1.0
    # via jupyter-server
argon2-cffi-bindings==21.2.0
    # via argon2-cffi
arrow==1.3.0
    # via isoduration
asttokens==2.4.1
    # via stack-data
astunparse==1.6.3
    # via tensorflow
async-lru==2.0.4
    # via jupyterlab
attrs==24.2.0
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   outcome
    #   referencing
    #   trio
babel==2.16.0
    # via jupyterlab-server
beautifulsoup4==4.12.3
    # via nbconvert
bleach==6.1.0
    # via nbconvert
build==1.2.2
    # via pip-tools
certifi==2024.8.30
    # via
    #   httpcore
    #   httpx
    #   requests
    #   selenium
cffi==1.17.1
    # via argon2-cffi-bindings
charset-normalizer==3.3.2
    # via requests
click==8.1.7
    # via
    #   pip-tools
    #   uvicorn
comm==0.2.2
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipywidgets
debugpy==1.8.5
    # via ipykernel
decorator==5.1.1
    # via ipython
defusedxml==0.7.1
    # via nbconvert
executing==2.1.0
    # via stack-data
fastapi==0.114.1
    # via -r requirements.in
fastjsonschema==2.20.0
    # via nbformat
flatbuffers==24.3.25
    # via tensorflow
fqdn==1.5.1
    # via jsonschema
gast==0.6.0
    # via tensorflow
google-pasta==0.2.0
    # via tensorflow
greenlet==3.0.3
    # via playwright
grpcio==1.66.1
    # via
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow
h11==0.14.0
    # via
    #   httpcore
    #   uvicorn
    #   wsproto
h5py==3.11.0
    # via
    #   keras
    #   tensorflow
httpcore==1.0.5
    # via httpx
httptools==0.6.1
    # via uvicorn
httpx==0.27.2
    # via jupyterlab
idna==3.10
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   httpx
    #   jsonschema
    #   requests
    #   trio
immutables==0.20
    # via -r requirements.in
iniconfig==2.0.0
    # via pytest
ipykernel==6.29.5
    # via
    #   jupyter
    #   jupyter-console
    #   jupyterlab
ipython==8.27.0
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipywidgets
    #   jupyter-console
ipywidgets==8.1.5
    # via jupyter
isoduration==20.11.0
    # via jsonschema
jedi==0.19.1
    # via ipython
jinja2==3.1.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   nbconvert
json5==0.9.25
    # via jupyterlab-server
jsonpointer==3.0.0
    # via jsonschema
jsonschema[format-nongpl]==4.23.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-events
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   nbformat
jsonschema-specifications==2023.12.1
    # via jsonschema
jupyter==1.1.1
    # via -r requirements.in
jupyter-client==8.6.3
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-console
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclient
jupyter-console==6.6.3
    # via jupyter
jupyter-core==5.7.2
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-console
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
jupyter-events==0.10.0
    # via jupyter-server
jupyter-lsp==2.2.5
    # via jupyterlab
jupyter-server==2.14.2
    # via
    #   jupyter-lsp
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   notebook
    #   notebook-shim
jupyter-server-terminals==0.5.3
    # via jupyter-server
jupyterlab==4.2.5
    # via
    #   jupyter
    #   notebook
jupyterlab-pygments==0.3.0
    # via nbconvert
jupyterlab-server==2.27.3
    # via
    #   jupyterlab
    #   notebook
jupyterlab-widgets==3.0.13
    # via ipywidgets
keras==3.5.0
    # via tensorflow
libclang==18.1.1
    # via tensorflow
markdown==3.7
    # via tensorboard
markdown-it-py==3.0.0
    # via rich
markupsafe==2.1.5
    # via
    #   jinja2
    #   nbconvert
    #   werkzeug
matplotlib-inline==0.1.7
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
mdurl==0.1.2
    # via markdown-it-py
mistune==3.0.2
    # via nbconvert
ml-dtypes==0.4.1
    # via
    #   keras
    #   tensorflow
namex==0.0.8
    # via keras
nbclient==0.10.0
    # via nbconvert
nbconvert==7.16.4
    # via
    #   jupyter
    #   jupyter-server
nbformat==5.10.4
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
nest-asyncio==1.6.0
    # via ipykernel
notebook==7.2.2
    # via jupyter
notebook-shim==0.2.4
    # via
    #   jupyterlab
    #   notebook
numpy==1.26.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   h5py
    #   keras
    #   ml-dtypes
    #   opt-einsum
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow
opt-einsum==3.3.0
    # via tensorflow
optree==0.12.1
    # via keras
outcome==1.3.0.post0
    # via trio
overrides==7.7.0
    # via jupyter-server
packaging==24.1
    # via
    #   build
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   keras
    #   nbconvert
    #   pytest
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow
    #   webdriver-manager
pandocfilters==1.5.1
    # via nbconvert
parso==0.8.4
    # via jedi
pexpect==4.9.0
    # via ipython
pip-tools==7.4.1
    # via -r requirements.in
platformdirs==4.3.6
    # via jupyter-core
playwright==1.47.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pytest-playwright
pluggy==1.5.0
    # via pytest
prometheus-client==0.21.0
    # via jupyter-server
prompt-toolkit==3.0.47
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   jupyter-console
protobuf==4.25.5
    # via
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow
psutil==6.0.0
    # via ipykernel
ptyprocess==0.7.0
    # via
    #   pexpect
    #   terminado
pure-eval==0.2.3
    # via stack-data
pycparser==2.22
    # via cffi
pydantic==2.9.2
    # via fastapi
pydantic-core==2.23.4
    # via pydantic
pyee==12.0.0
    # via playwright
pygments==2.18.0
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   jupyter-console
    #   nbconvert
    #   rich
pyproject-hooks==1.1.0
    # via
    #   build
    #   pip-tools
pysocks==1.7.1
    # via urllib3
pytest==8.3.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pytest-base-url
    #   pytest-mock
    #   pytest-playwright
    #   pytest-timeout
pytest-base-url==2.1.0
    # via pytest-playwright
pytest-mock==3.14.0
    # via -r requirements.in
pytest-playwright==0.5.2
    # via -r requirements.in
pytest-timeout==2.3.1
    # via -r requirements.in
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via
    #   arrow
    #   jupyter-client
python-dotenv==1.0.1
    # via
    #   uvicorn
    #   webdriver-manager
python-json-logger==2.0.7
    # via jupyter-events
python-slugify==8.0.4
    # via pytest-playwright
pyyaml==6.0.2
    # via
    #   jupyter-events
    #   uvicorn
pyzmq==26.2.0
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-console
    #   jupyter-server
referencing==0.35.1
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jsonschema-specifications
    #   jupyter-events
requests==2.32.3
    # via
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   pytest-base-url
    #   tensorflow
    #   webdriver-manager
rfc3339-validator==0.1.4
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jupyter-events
rfc3986-validator==0.1.1
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jupyter-events
rich==13.8.1
    # via keras
rpds-py==0.20.0
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
selenium==4.24.0
    # via -r requirements.in
send2trash==1.8.3
    # via jupyter-server
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   asttokens
    #   astunparse
    #   bleach
    #   google-pasta
    #   python-dateutil
    #   rfc3339-validator
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow
sniffio==1.3.1
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   httpx
    #   trio
sortedcontainers==2.4.0
    # via trio
soupsieve==2.6
    # via beautifulsoup4
stack-data==0.6.3
    # via ipython
starlette==0.38.6
    # via fastapi
tensorboard==2.17.1
    # via tensorflow
tensorboard-data-server==0.7.2
    # via tensorboard
tensorflow==2.17.0
    # via -r requirements.in
tensorflow-io-gcs-filesystem==0.37.1
    # via tensorflow
termcolor==2.4.0
    # via tensorflow
terminado==0.18.1
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyter-server-terminals
text-unidecode==1.3
    # via python-slugify
tinycss2==1.3.0
    # via nbconvert
tornado==6.4.1
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   notebook
    #   terminado
traitlets==5.14.3
    # via
    #   comm
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
    #   ipywidgets
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-console
    #   jupyter-core
    #   jupyter-events
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   matplotlib-inline
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
trio==0.26.2
    # via
    #   selenium
    #   trio-websocket
trio-websocket==0.11.1
    # via selenium
types-python-dateutil==2.9.0.20240906
    # via arrow
typing-extensions==4.12.2
    # via
    #   fastapi
    #   ipython
    #   optree
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-core
    #   pyee
    #   selenium
    #   tensorflow
uri-template==1.3.0
    # via jsonschema
urllib3[socks]==2.2.3
    # via
    #   requests
    #   selenium
uvicorn[standard]==0.30.6
    # via -r requirements.in
uvloop==0.20.0
    # via uvicorn
watchfiles==0.24.0
    # via uvicorn
wcwidth==0.2.13
    # via prompt-toolkit
webcolors==24.8.0
    # via jsonschema
webdriver-manager==4.0.2
    # via -r requirements.in
webencodings==0.5.1
    # via
    #   bleach
    #   tinycss2
websocket-client==1.8.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   selenium
websockets==13.1
    # via uvicorn
werkzeug==3.0.4
    # via tensorboard
wheel==0.44.0
    # via
    #   astunparse
    #   pip-tools
widgetsnbextension==4.0.13
    # via ipywidgets
wrapt==1.16.0
    # via tensorflow
wsproto==1.2.0
    # via trio-websocket

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# pip
# setuptools
